hey mom
yes Katie
can we go to Burger King No
but mum I'm hungry so let's go to Burger
King
caitli I said no we are not going to
Burger King today and what's final we're
having pizza for lunch I want to go to
Burger King I want to go to Burger King
I want to go to Burger King I want to go
to Burger King I want to go to Burger
King I want to go to Burger King Katie
stop dancing like an idiot for the last
time the answer is no honey we don't
have the stuff to make the pizza did you
hear that Katie dad said that he doesn't
have the stuff to make the pizza so that
means we can go to Burger King just only
you and me come on and let's go
welcome to Burger King now may I take
your orders I would like a trickle water
sandwich arrived grilled chicken wrap
and a diet coke and I would like a
double cheeseburger six piece chicken
nuggets large salted french fries an
orange Fanta and a chocolate milkshake
I'm sorry but there are no more
chocolate milkshakes left what
please tell me you're joking
don't feel bad young lady why don't you
get a Dutch apple pie instead why
because Katie there are no more
chocolate milk
kake's left how about you just get a
Dutch apple pie instead no way mum I
want what I want
I wanted chocolate milkshake so badly
and that's what I want
Oh
Katie stop acting like a spoiled brat
you can either have a Dutch apple pie or
you can have nothing at all oh I've got
a better idea why don't we go across the
street to buy a diamond ring so you
won't have to engage me Katie don't talk
to me like that
now look everyone is staring at us oh so
you really want to engage me well why
don't you just say so very well yeah go
ahead mom my finger is already out go
ahead and engage me engage me engage me
engage me engage me engage me engage may
engage me engage me right here there the
king I think this is a good idea to get
out of here we better run right Maria
yes let's get out of here things are
really starting to get crazy here right
now
Oh see you are not going to engage me
well then I will engage Burger King how
do you like that
where
ah
grr
tt
what in God's name is wrong with you you
have destroyed Burger King I can't
believe you did all this you idiot
that's it you are grounded grounded
grounded grounded grounded grounded
grounded
we are going home and you are getting
absolutely nothing
while
Aloha mommy mommy mommy please I swear I
will be good I will behave
ayuh
stop crying Katie it's your own fault
stop crying like a baby it is totally
your own fault but Mum all I wanted was
a chocolate milkshake but I did not get
one that is why I had to ask you if you
could engage me know the reason why you
did not get a chocolate milkshake is
because there were none left so the girl
offered you a Dutch apple pie instead
but no you have destroyed Burger King
and now I believe we are going to end up
on the news and get into extremely deep
trouble okay mum I am sorry your
apologies and forgiveness will not work
Katie you have gotten us into a lot of
trouble today you also scared a boy
wearing a grey cap a red hoodie and
black shorts and sandals and a girl with
blond hair and a red and white shirt
away because you pointed your finger at
me
how dare you
I should have never asked if we can go
to Burger King today okay mum
I understand I'm really really really
really really really really sorry can we
at least go back and get the double
cheeseburger six piece chicken nuggets
large salted french fries an orange
Fanta and a Dutch apple pie